What are you laughing at?
I just remembered a funny thing.
My old sow.
Haha, scare him hahaha
What kind of laughter do you have in your heart?
You look ugly in the mirror.
Hoang Dung Long, next time bring this kind of no three no four home.
Be careful, I'll stop your bonus.
No, your sister hasn't taken your friends yet. Hurry up.
Miss Wang, we must have a misunderstanding.
Later we find a chance to say goodbye again.
Mr. Ip.
Today was an accident.
Don't worry, don't ask again after today.
I asked your sister if she had anything to do with us.
No, he's never met you.
In addition to the Tang family name, the same hometown is Liu Wukai Tang, which lacks the same view of our house.
Ex-boyfriend.
It's definitely this.
Hey, does the Dragon King have any orders?
The farmer's story just let it go.
Help me check all the expert's information.
In half a month, I want the Sioux to never kidnap again.